Two guys stole a calendar. They got six months each.
Q: How do you weigh a millennial? A: In Instagrams.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work!
Ed: I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Fred: How bad is it? Ed: Not only is it awful, it’s awful.
Q: What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? A: Loafers.
Q: What weighs more, a gallon of water or a gallon of butane? A: The water. Butane is lighter fluid.
Q: What happens when an artist has trouble finding inspiration? A: She draws a blank.
I went to a smoke shop to discover that it has been replaced by an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
I was gonna tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
"Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!"
"My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!"
"How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut."
"Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up."
"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."
"What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows."
"Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
"Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired."
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me."
"Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in."
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire."
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y."
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles."
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!"
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it."
Have you noticed "The" and "IRS" spells theirs?
My friend was explaining electricity and I was like wait watt?
Someone threw a jar of mayo at me. I was like what the hellman?
A few puns make me numb. But the math puns make me number.
My friend David has his ID stolen. Now he's just Dav.
I wanted to be a monk but I never got the chants.
A perfectionist walked into a bar. Apparently it wasn't set high enough.
Why can't you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
I was kidnapped by mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.
If any of you know how to fix broken hinges. My door is always open.
Man injured in bizarre peek-a-boo accident. He's in ICU.
Where did the terminator find toilet paper? Aisle B, back.
Due to the quarantine, I'll only be doing inisde jokes.
If your guy doesn't appreciate fresh fruit puns, let that mango.
